docs: add Watchers section to intergration docs (#529)
omisego/plasma-contracts: plasma_framework/docs/integration-docs/integration-doc.md

## Watchers
Watchers monitor the network and send alerts so that users know when they need to react to events.

### Event BlockSubmitted (emitted in PlasmaFramework contract)

> A new Plasma Block has been submitted. Watcher should fetch block data from child chain and verify that it matches block data published on Plasma chain.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
A new Plasma Block has been submitted. Watcher should fetch block data from child chain and verify that it matches block data published to the Plasma contract on the root chain.
```

```
event BlockSubmitted(
    uint256 blockNumber
);
```

Fetching block data from `PlasmaFramework`:
```
block = PlasmaFramework.blocks(blockNumber)
```
where block is:
```
struct Block {
    bytes32 root; // root of Merkle Tree built from transactions
    uint256 timestamp; // Ethereum block timestamp for Ethereum transaction that submitted the Plasma block
}
```

### Event VaultRegistered (emitted in PlasmaFramework contract)

A new vault has been registered. After a quarantine period, a vault can be used for managing funds: storing deposits and making withdrawals.
```
event VaultRegistered(
    uint256 vaultId, // id of the vault in the Plasma Framework
    address vaultAddress // address of the vault
);
```

### Event SetDepositVerifierCalled (emitted in vault contracts)

> Chain maintainer chan change deposit verification for a vault by switching to a new deposit verifier, which is a contract that verifies validity of a Plasma deposit. Change of a verifier takes effect after 2 exit periods. User can inspect the source code of the new deposit verifier to examine whether it is safe to use. 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The chain maintainer can change deposit verification for a vault by switching to a new deposit verifier, which is a contract that verifies the validity of a Plasma deposit. Change of a verifier takes effect after 2 exit periods. Users should inspect the source code of the new deposit verifier to examine whether it is safe to use.
```

    address indexed depositor, // address that deposited the funds
    uint256 indexed blknum, // Plasma block number that contains the deposit
    address indexed token, // deposited ERC20 token 
    uint256 amount // amount of tokens deposited
);
```

### Event EthWithdrawn (emitted in EthVault contract)

After a successful withdawal of ETH, `EthVault` contract emits `EthWithdrawn` event. This event notifies that withdrawn funds are no longer available to spend on Plasma chain and have been transfered to the receiver.
```
event EthWithdrawn(
    address indexed receiver, // address that receives the funds
    uint256 amount // amount withdrawn
);
```

### Event Erc20Withdrawn (emitted in Erc20Vault contract)

After a successful withdawal of ERC20 tokens, `Erc20Vault` contract emits `Erc20Withdrawn` event. This event notifies that withdrawn funds are no longer available to spend on Plasma chain and have been transfered to the receiver.
```
event Erc20Withdrawn(
    address indexed receiver, // address that receives the funds
    address indexed token, // transferred ERC20 token
    uint256 amount // amount withdrawn
);
```

### Event WithdrawFailed (emitted in EthVault contract)

> If ETH withdrawal failed `EthVault` contract emits `WithdrawFailed` event. This event notifies that withdrawal, which is a result of an exit, failed. That event is a result of malicious user or vault not having enough funds, most probably result of an malicious attack.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
If a withdrawal fails, the `EthVault` contract emits a `WithdrawFailed` event. This event notifies that a withdrawal, which is a result of an exit, failed. This can happen because of malicious behaviour or the vault not having enough funds, most probably due to a malicious attack.
```

```
event WithdrawFailed(
    address indexed receiver, // address that is the target of the withdrawal
    uint256 amount // exiting amount
);
```

### Event ExitGameRegistered (emitted in PlasmaFramework contract)

> Event is emitted when maintainer registeres a new exit game. Registered exit game can be used after a quarantine period which is `4 * MIN_EXIT_PERIOD`.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Event is emitted when maintainer registers a new exit game. The new exit game can be used after a quarantine period which is `4 * MIN_EXIT_PERIOD`.
```
